README.md, before:

# Default Bookmark Folder

[![Mozilla Add-on](https://img.shields.io/amo/users/default-bookmark-folder.svg?style=flat-square)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/default-bookmark-folder/)
[![Mozilla Add-on](https://img.shields.io/amo/rating/default-bookmark-folder.svg?style=flat-square)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/default-bookmark-folder/)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/teddy-gustiaux/default-bookmark-folder.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/teddy-gustiaux/default-bookmark-folder/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-lightrey.svg?style=flat-square)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

**WebExtension allowing you to choose the default bookmark location folder and quickly bookmark pages via a dedicated icon.**

<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/default-bookmark-folder/">
<img border="0" src="https://addons.cdn.mozilla.net/static/img/addons-buttons/AMO-button_1.png" width="172" height="60">
</a>

### Features

**Firefox built-in bookmarking:**

This feature only affects bookmarks added through the built-in Firefox bookmark icon or shortcut (Ctrl+D), through the context menu or via the bookmarks menu.

*You can:*
- Select where the new bookmarks will be added
- Choose to add the new bookmarks to the top or the bottom of the selected folder
- Select where the new folders of "Bookmark All Tabs..." will be added
- Choose to add the new "Bookmark All Tabs..." folders to the top or the bottom of the selected folder

**Quick bookmark icon:**

This feature will add a quick bookmark icon in the address bar, to (un)bookmark a page with only one click.
The icon is a round star icon in the address bar.
If the current page is bookmarked, the icon color will change to red.

*You can:*
- Enable the quick bookmark shortcut (Alt+Shift+D)
- Select where the new bookmarks will be added
- Choose to add the new bookmarks to the top or the bottom of the selected folder
- Choose to show the page as bookmarked (i.e. the icon color changes) only if all the bookmarks of this page are in the folder you selected
- Select the color of the quick bookmark icon (among a list) when the current page is bookmarked (red by default)

### Support

If you want to report a bug or ask for a new feature, you can open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/teddy-gustiaux/default-bookmark-folder/issues). If you do not have an account, you can create one for free.

### Attribution

*Third-party libraries:*
- [Bulma](https://bulma.io/)
- [Bulma Switch Extension](https://github.com/Wikiki/bulma-switch)

*Icons:*
- [Extension icon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/bookmark_150854) made by [Smashicons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com) is licensed by [CC 3.0 BY](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).
- [Bookmark icon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/star-button_69468) made by [Bogdan Rosu](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/bogdan-rosu) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com) is licensed by [CC 3.0 BY](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).
- [Cross icon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/settings_128531) made by [Eleonor Wang](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/eleonor-wang) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com) is licensed by [CC 3.0 BY](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).

### License

Distributed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

chore: update README to list new bookmarking to folder feature

README.md, after:

# Default Bookmark Folder

[![Mozilla Add-on](https://img.shields.io/amo/users/default-bookmark-folder.svg?style=flat-square)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/default-bookmark-folder/)
[![Mozilla Add-on](https://img.shields.io/amo/rating/default-bookmark-folder.svg?style=flat-square)](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/default-bookmark-folder/)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/teddy-gustiaux/default-bookmark-folder.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/teddy-gustiaux/default-bookmark-folder/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-lightrey.svg?style=flat-square)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

**WebExtension allowing you to choose the default bookmark location folder and quickly bookmark pages via a dedicated icon.**

<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/default-bookmark-folder/">
<img border="0" src="https://addons.cdn.mozilla.net/static/img/addons-buttons/AMO-button_1.png" width="172" height="60">
</a>

### Features

**Firefox built-in bookmarking:**

This feature only affects bookmarks added through the built-in Firefox bookmark icon or shortcut (Ctrl+D), through the context menu or via the bookmarks menu.

*You can:*
- Select where the new bookmarks will be added
- Choose to add the new bookmarks to the top or the bottom of the selected folder
- Select where the new folders of "Bookmark All Tabs..." will be added
- Choose to add the new "Bookmark All Tabs..." folders to the top or the bottom of the selected folder

**Quick bookmark icon:**

This feature will add a quick bookmark icon in the address bar, to (un)bookmark a page with only one click.
The icon is a round star icon in the address bar.
If the current page is bookmarked, the icon color will change to red.

*You can:*
- Enable the quick bookmark shortcut (Alt+Shift+D)
- Select where the new bookmarks will be added
- Choose to add the new bookmarks to the top or the bottom of the selected folder
- Choose to show the page as bookmarked (i.e. the icon color changes) only if all the bookmarks of this page are in the folder you selected
- Select the color of the quick bookmark icon (among a list) when the current page is bookmarked (red by default)

**Quick bookmarking to folder:**

Access this feature via the extension browser action (toolbar icon).
It will allow you to search and select a specific folder within your bookmarks to quickly bookmark the current page into it.

### Support

If you want to report a bug or ask for a new feature, you can open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/teddy-gustiaux/default-bookmark-folder/issues). If you do not have an account, you can create one for free.

### Attribution

*Third-party libraries:*
- [Bulma](https://bulma.io/)
- [Bulma Switch Extension](https://github.com/Wikiki/bulma-switch)

*Icons:*
- [Extension icon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/bookmark_150854) made by [Smashicons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com) is licensed by [CC 3.0 BY](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).
- [Bookmark icon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/star-button_69468) made by [Bogdan Rosu](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/bogdan-rosu) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com) is licensed by [CC 3.0 BY](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).
- [Cross icon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/settings_128531) made by [Eleonor Wang](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/eleonor-wang) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com) is licensed by [CC 3.0 BY](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).

### License

Distributed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
